Every rule in this module came from a real customer call that went wrong.
1.2
This is how Magppie sounds — on every channel.
2.1
Seven swaps, non-negotiable.
2.2
Never 'carcinogen' — say it can be very harmful for your health, and that reports link it to cancer.
2.3
'Wonderful' — once per conversation.
2.4
Never 'yearly deep cleaning' — it's twenty-five complimentary annual services.
2.5
Never 'wooden kitchens are bad' — most regular wooden kitchens have hidden issues.
3.1
Never 'artificial stone' alone — engineered stone, or our own patented stone.
3.2
Never cheap, discount, or negotiate — fixed price policy, complete transparency.
3.3
And never 'I don't know' — let me check with our team and get back to you.
4.1
Flat statements lose people.
4.2
Convert them: 'these are the most commonly used materials' becomes 'these are the most commonly used materials, right sir?'
4.3
Small question, full engagement.
5.1
And pacing: pause two seconds after asking for their time.
5.2
One second before any price.
5.3
One second after a health fact.
5.4
Keep sentences under eighteen words.
5.5
One idea per breath.
5.6
And pronounce it mag-pee — repeat it if they ask.
6.1
Note the language rules.
6.2
One — never carcinogen: say it can be very harmful for your health, and reports link it to cancer.
6.3
Two — it's twenty-five complimentary annual services, never yearly deep cleaning.
6.4
Three — turn statements into confirmation questions: right, sir?
6.5
Four — pace it: two seconds after asking for time, one before a price, one after a health fact.
7.1
Language is the product before the product arrives.
7.2
Quiz time.